Well we really achieved a lot,
it was quite a long module, quite a big project.
Some errors were made but I think that's not too bad,
I left them in intentionally because that is where you can also learn a lot because you see some of the tiny
little mistakes you make here and there which really can take some time but which are having a big impact
even though they might look tiny in one place.
Anyways it's a great project we built here,
it uses many of the things we learn throughout this course,
animation, routing, vuex, if statements, lists, conditionals and much more,
so really, a lot of the vuejs features.
Of course it doesn't use every single feature,
of course there are no nested routes for example because it's pretty impossible to create such a big
project and then still make it work in a course, this project is already pretty long.
It's a challenge for you though,
Set your own project, set your own goals,
look at some popular web apps and try rebuilding them with vuejs, with the tools you learned here,
that's something no one can teach you but how you will learn the most.
And with that, I really can say I hope you enjoyed it
and we're not done yet,
we still have to have a look at how we can deploy this project in the next course.